US government now laying out its legal
argument for killing American citizens
overseas without a trial but what about
targeting people on US soil can they now
kill American citizens inside the
country the head of the FBI when asked
about that on Capitol Hill yesterday
stumbled around on this does that only
apply to US citizen its overseas or does
that apply to US citizen that's here's
I'd have to go back I I'm not certain
whether that was addressed or not oh
that you we have clarity here he is not
certain whether it was addressed whether
our government can kill our own people
inside our own country this really needs
to be addressed we can't just answer
this question no the government doesn't
kill our own people we have a process
for this it's called the justice system
you file charges you lock them up you
try them before a jury of their peers
and then that's how they don't kill our
own people judge good the question is
can they kill our own citizens inside
our own country the end this is a
question we have to ask it's not a
question that we should have to ask and
it's not a question that she should have
evaded answering I think he probably
knows that the answer is no but he
doesn't want to frustrate his bosses who
articulated just two days earlier that
the answer is yes because it is leech on
Tuesday at Northwestern University Law
School the Attorney General of the
United States manifested extraordinary
ignorance of the Constitution of the
United States and suggests that the
president can kill anybody he wants
outside the United States if that person
is dangerous if that person has
committed crimes and if it's impractical
to arrest that person not in the opinion
of a jury but in the opinion of the
president and some secret advisers the
Constitution says to the contrary the
Constitution says if the government
wants your life or your liberty or your
property it has to articulate to a jury
what law you have violated and prove its
case beyond a reasonable doubt to that
girion called due process without due
process the government could take
anything it wanted and kill anybody at
wanted an attorney General Holder ought
to know that I suggest that Bob Muller
does and the reason he invented that
answer is because it wants to keep his
job well you heard what Eric Holder said
he said there is due process but there
is
du jura sumner initial process not
judicial process what the Attorney
General said let me make his argument
his argument his argument is that there
is a substituted form of due process
that if the president and his advisers
carefully consider the danger of a human
being and conclude that that human being
needs to be stopped before that person
causes any more danger than the
president can kill him that's their
argument there is no case law that
stands for that there is no statute that
authorizes it and it directly defies the
Fifth Amendment to the Constitution
sounds like a crime against humanity
what's the difference between that what
Bashar al-assad is doing to his own be
what is the difference nothing what's
the difference between killing some but
in America with a drone in in Yemen and
killing America with a drone in Peoria
nothing the same argument that Eric
Holder made at the northwestern law
school on Tuesday about a lelaki in
Yemen could be made about somebody in
Peoria tomorrow make an illegal lane
change in Hollywood on the 101 freeway
in a drone just shoot you out of the sky
and throw you know bury it well I don't
know that it's about I don't know either
but who'da thought we'd ever get to hear
who would have thought that we'd even be
having a conversation like this that the
attorney at the head of the FBI would
hesitate to answer a question that is so
imbued in our history and our law and
our values due process precedes
punishment that he can't answer that in
public the last time the federal
government claimed that it could kill
americans was in the Civil War and even
Lincoln said it could only be done in
during combat this federal government
this administration says it can kill
Americans when they're riding with their
children in a car in a desert I don't
know judge thank you you're welcome keep
watching them putting of course thanks
for having me